.TH bgw 1
.SH NAME
bgw \- construct classical parameter BGW matrices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bgw
[options]
[numerical parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bgw
constructs classical parameter matrices.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a
Invokes Hadi Kharaghani's OA construction.
Required additional options are \fB\-o\fR and \fB\-i\fR.
The option \fB\-i\fR must contain a classical parameter BGW.
Requires numerical parameters \fBq\fR a prime power and \fBd\fR an integer exponent greater than 1 in that order.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -ai \fIfile1\fR -o \fIfile2\fR q d
.TP
.BR \-c
Constructs classical parameter BGW.
Requires option \fB\-o\fR with argument the output file.
Requires numerical parameters \fBq\fR a prime power and \fBd\fR an integer exponent greater than 1 in that order.
Can be used in conjuction with \fB\-w\fR whenever \fBq\fR is odd to map nonzero matrix entries to +1 or -1.
Can be used in conjuction with \fB\-g\fR which substitutes circulant matrix group for entries of BGW.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -co \fIfile\fR q d
.TP
.BR \-C
Constructs a generalized conference matrix. It is skew\-symmetric if \Bfq\fR is odd, and it is symmetric if \fBq\fR is even.
Requires option \fB\-o\fR with argument the output file.
Requires numerical parameters \fBq\fR a prime power and \fBd\fR an integer exponent greater than 1 in that order.
Can be used in conjuction with \fB\-w\fR whenever \fBq\fR is odd to map nonzero matrix entries to +1 or -1.
Can be used in conjuction with \fB\-g\fR which substitutes circulant matrix group for entries of BGW.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -Co \fIfile\fR q d
.TP
.BR \-g " " \fIorder\fR
\fIorder\fR is the order of the matrix group.
Used in conjuction with \fB\-c\fR or \fB\-C\fR in order to substitute circulant matrix group for entries of BGW matrix.
Requires the option \fB\-i\fR which takes as input file the matrix group.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -cg \fIorder\fR -i \fIfile1\fR -o \fIfile2\fR q d
.TP
.BR \-h
Displays current help page.
.TP
.BR \-H
Constructs classical parameter GH matrices.
Requires option \fB\-o\fR with argument the output file.
Requires numerical parameters \fBq\fR a prime power and \fBd\fR an integer exponent greater than 1 in that order.
Can be used in conjunction with \fB\-p\fR to substitute permutation matrices for entries of GH matrix.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -Ho \fIfile\fR q d
.TP
.BR \-i " " \fIfile\fR
Takes input file as argument. Used with options \fB\-a\fR and \fB\-g\fR.
.TP
.BR \-p
Constructs classical parameter GH matrix whose entries are represented by permutation matrices.
\fIExample\fR: bgw -Hpo \fIfile\fR q d.
.TP
.BR \-o " " \fIfile\fR
Accepts the file to store the output. Used with every instance of \fIbgw\fR.
.TP
.BR \-w
Used in conjuction with \fB\-c\fR or \fB\-C\fR whenever \fBq\fR is odd.
+1 and -1 are substituted for nonzero entries of the BGW matrix.
.SH EXIT STATUS
Return 0 on success, 1 otherwise.
.SH AUTHOR
Thomas Pender (tsp7@sfu.ca)
